hello everyone again
and Vasily Zabubensky whoever you are
gamers zadrotoma masochist gopnik
or just left dudes who is the first
just hear and you do not know that you
see the second issue of anatomy transfer
games in which we will talk about the third
parts of the prince of famous trilogy
persia is also worth knowing that opinion
author may not coincide with the opinion
the viewer to me deeply fuck
pleasant viewing
the third part of the prince of persia is
perhaps the most distressful state
relog main problem 2 thrones
proved to be the strongest competitor in the face
codes thief who smashed
prince on playstation as well as permanent
transformation into game concepts which
eventually led to her leaving
not at all as planned
initially
a bunch of uncomfortable questions for developers and
The player’s screenwriter arises as early as
initial video
first and foremost what the fuck
the prince throws his amulet overboard
who so often saved him from death
In the second part, for example, I thought that
time reversal
this most valuable gift which must be protected
like your car isn't it at all
makes this a fucking damn answer to this
there is simply no second question is also very
uncomfortable what happened to viburnum where her
huge mouthwatering booties on
who called their u and thousands
gamers
how could so profane
empress
pitiful plot in two thrones
frankly pulled by the ears and sucked out
finger his main chip is
inappropriate is simply a ridiculous return
vizier glavgada from the first part which
still dreaming to capture
power over the world
the old man ruthlessly kills the empress
bastard paypal and turns into
ugly sand monster
and at the same time gives the prince magical
abilities of chance of course also
random loses the dagger of time which
quickly falls into our hands
dentures and so everything revolves around again
save the world from the sand beasts and
love intrigues princesses headlights yes and
headlight also returned at all to that johns
a lot of parallels from the first part
trilogy
as the plot and gameplay is
the impression that developed were trying to please
all and fans of the first part and
fans 2 turned out or not controversial
question
inherited from the sands of time game
got a children's rating which
implies a complete lack of hard
violence mat and porn absurdity is that
combat this system migrated from
sweet fate of the chieftain as we remember
accompanied by the separation of limbs
krovishchi kids on the ceiling
now it was very funny to watch
for how prince huyachit combo which
the idea should tear off the tower to the enemy but
it doesn't happen
looks very ridiculous brighten
gameplay called so-called
secretive killings prince learned
act quietly and stealing up the enemy from
back without problems can crank
spectacular bomb which in an instant
send the enemy to the light from the player
you only need to click while left
click and stock up
valerian in case the combo doesn't
because then you have to fight
a whole crowd of horned foes back
with the prince's magical abilities
mentioned above
now the prince by the will of the great
the script turns into an ugly hell
funny hair and it happens
almost always at the most unexpected moment
as soon as he manages to reach the water spell
for the time being destroyed in the game for prince in
dark appearance almost no pluses
only one minus is constantly ending
health which is performed only
magic sand and chicks do not pick up
with such and fucked
all that comes out of the dark hand
prince looks cool but in battle not
much more efficient than a regular sword
true clinging chain for all that sticks out
you can jump further and thus
travel long distances to
you will not be bored faster
a voice that will often be
comment on what is usually in
funny form he is always ready to play a trick
over prince and how woman decide
problems creating new ones or give valuable
tips
although of course the alter ego of the prince is not
is a positive character though
cause sympathy worth telling i
the bright prince in the first part he
a bunch and flaunted in front of us
often wagging my ass for that
the side of the monitor in the second became abruptly
brutal bearded straight and a
The third part and it seems like at all
bisexual that is like and headlight him
like a kind of like with a dark prince
he develops such a sickly
romance in the general orientation of the prince
which I certainly care about
covered in darkness
incredibly deliver bosses to you for a long time
remembered a hefty fat man like
crazy professor
my goodness is going to burst
with him really have to tinker
twin brothers and big axes
who should just gape make
of you chops no matter how experienced
gamers in this them well or trip
riding wild pains and also
spectacular final battle of communication for glory
succeeded chariot races which
something like shoots but even from
the second part of the player is required
fit in right turns and in
time to fend off enemies so as not to
you can not slow down time, but
reel back if you can fail
nitro and court tuning unfortunately not
screwed one of the strongest sides
games is the local atmosphere
she is just wonderful not only because
great design but also gorgeous
music component and here's the graphics
frankly fucking can't be said otherwise
character models just God forbid
square shoulders prince triangular
boobs headlights and low poly
identical enemies
cause melancholy and badly affect an erection
about a bunch of minor flaws like
even falling through the hair
speaking somehow awkward by and large
the third part of the trilogy despite all
shortcomings and a lot of controversial moments
turned out a good game
good but no more passing and and i
sincerely enjoyed it
perhaps the main argument in favor of the game
my score is as much as 8 points out of 10
Here came the end of my review of all this
time with you was Vasily Zabubensky
see you in exactly 18 days bye